=pod

=head1 NAME

apertium-tsx-lint - Test a TSX file for common problems

=head1 SYNOPSIS

apertium-tsx-lint tsx-file [DIC]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Test a TSX file for for some common pitfalls.

TSX is one of the paths less well travelled, and
tends to be a bit black magic, "oh my God, that's
the funky shit"-y. 

Currently, there are three checks:

=over 

=item C<WARN_CONFLICT>

Warns of a conflict between tagger items (i.e., if they
are exactly the same).

=item C<NO_OPEN_TAGS>

Without tags for open classes, the tagger will fail to
train, because it will be unable to handle unknown words.

=item C<MASKED_AMBIGUITY>

Warns if the same tagger item matches two (or more) analyses.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over

=item B<tsx-file>

The name of the tsx file to check

=item B<[DIC]>

Optional dictionary file. This should be the same as the
B<DIC> file used by the tagger; i.e., an expansion of the
analyses produced by the analyser.

=back

=head1 TODO

=over 4

=item * Testing. Real testing, on real data, and not my silly
examples of the sort of thing that might happen.

=item * Documentation. 'Nuff said.

=item * C<sort|uniq> the analyses, to cut down on spurious
warnings.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2013 Jimmy O'Regan

This program is free software; you can use, redistribute and/or
modify it under the terms of either:

=over 4

=item * the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; version 2, or

=item * the Artistic License version 2.0.

=back

=cut
